High Level Business Requirement
 Zomato is a restaurant search and discovery service. Operating in several countries worldwide, they
 provide detailed information and customer reviews of various restaurants. The owners of Zomato,
 want to unearth
 the hidden anomalies in their business data. The final objective is to analyze the data in a way which
 helps them to accurately judge their business performance.
 The data (sample) is currently available  in the form of a few excel files with each file containing
 information about several restaurants operating in a specific continent. The clients want to create a
 consolidated and interactive PowerBI report from where they can easily analyze the following
 information:
 1)    Total number of restaurants across continents, countries and cities.
 2)    The ability to view information at a global level. But at the same time, the ability to go down
 to a granular level as well.
 3)    Top performing restaurants by average customer ratings.
 4)    Top performing restaurants by least average cost.
 5)    Ability to filter and view the restaurant details (address, cuisines served …) on the
 basis of:
 a. Geographic dimensions like continent, country and city.
 b.  If the restaurant offers services like, online delivery or table booking.
 c.   Rating colors denoting the average rating slab.
 6)    Top ranking restaurants by the number of cuisines they serve.
 7)    They want to create a multi-page report which matches with the company’s theme and
 where navigation between pages has been made very easy.
 8)    They want their users to be able to access this report using a web browser as well as their phone
 devices.
 Files Required for Project
 All the files required to complete this project can be found in the  link mentioned below.

High Level Steps
 To achieve the above-mentioned requirements, following are some of the high-level steps that
 need to be performed.
 Data Import
 1)    Import data from all the available Excel files (mentioned below) into PowerBI.
 a. Africa
 b. Asia
 c. Country-Code
 d. Europe
 e. NAM
 f.
 SAM
 g. Oceania
 h. Fact Table
 Data Transformations
 1)    Some of the values in the “City” column, mentioned below, needs to be corrected.
 a.    The word “city” needs to be taken off from every city name (wherever appears). b.    “Sí£o
 Paulo” should be corrected to “São Paulo”.
 c.    “Cedar Rapids/Iowa City” should be corrected to “Cedar Rapids”.
 d.    “ÛÁstanbul” should be corrected to “Istanbul”.
 2)    Remove the columns which are not used.
 3)    Make separate columns to show the “Restaurant Name” and the “Restaurant Address”.
 4)    Create a separate table from where you get the list of cuisines served by each restaurant.
 5)    The “Country-Code” table must contain only unique and non-blank values (as it’s a
 dimension table).
 Data Modeling
 1)    Model your data according to the reporting requirements.

2)    While creating relationships, choose the appropriate “Cardinality” and the “Cross filter direction”
 so that the aggregations can happen accurately at the report level.
 Other Data Manipulations
 1)    There is a list of geographic columns. Go through the list and categorize them appropriately.
 2)    Create a user-defined hierarchy and include all the geographical dimensions in there.
 3)    Group the countries into appropriate continents.
 Using DAX
 1)    There needs to be a “Rating Color” column in an appropriate table. The data rows should
 follow the below mentioned convention.
 Aggregate rating                 
Above 4.5
 4 to 4.4
 3.5 to 3.9
 2.5 to 3.4
 1.8 to 2.4
 0 to 1.7
 Rating color
 Dark Green
 Green
 Yellow
 Orange
 Red
 White
 2)    Create following measures in appropriate tables. a.
 Restaurant Count
 b.   Average Cost
 c.  Average Rating
 d.   Cuisine Count
 3)    Create a new column called “Continent” in the “Country Code” table. Create the values using
 the below mentioned convention.
 Note: The Country and Continent mapping is as follows. Please use this convention wherever needed.
 a.    Africa – South Africa b.    Asia 
Philippines
 c.    Asia – Singapore d.    Asia 
UAE

e.    Asia – India
 f.     
Asia – Indonesia g.    Asia 
Qatar
 h.    Asia – Sri Lanka i.     Asia 
Turkey
 j.  Europe – United Kingdom
 k.  North America – United States l.     North
 America – Canada
 m.   Oceania – Australia
 n.    Oceania – New Zealand o.    South
 America – Brazil
 4)    Wherever needed, lookup the continent column from the “Country Code” table.
 Data Visualization
 1)    Create the following visuals.
 a. Card visual
 i.    
Average Cost
 ii.   Average Rating
 iii.    
Restaurant Count
 b.    Map visual
 i.    
Geography  hierarchy
 ii.   Restaurant Count
 c.    Infographic designer
 i.    
Restaurant Name
 ii.   Top 5 Restaurants by Average Cost
 iii.    
Average Rating
 d.    Slicer showing list of rating colours e.    Slicer
 showing list of counties
 f.     
Slicer showing list of cities
 g.    Grid showing list of restaurants
 h.    Gauge showing selected restaurant’s average rating i.     Gauge
 showing selected restaurant’s average cost
 j.     
Card showing the selected restaurant’s address
 k.    Grid showing the selected restaurant’s list of cuisines
 l.     
Publish the report on to a service account and create a public link
